Ah lead
Let's take a look at the state laws that come out of the bike ride landscape.
I'll do it
I will play the solo line slowly from the intro song for the first time.
Now the important implementation is hammering and playoff ending slide
Used
I'll try to be natural.
U
For Knitted
Yes
U
I'll see you soon.
a
woo
A toal to
U
Next, let's take a look at the partial stroke method of Section 1
I 'll grab the g code and try to be genius.
g code d code and we will go
U
I will try to connect slowly to a pattern of two codes in one word.
Next code 2 - I'll keep coming back
That is my non-flying
I'll use this one as a link to the front of the minor.
Indeed take different room Poodle
I will connect the codes to the nodes in a minor t.
U
love
Next, we will play the applied pattern
Next up, Aina
Take 7c 20 50 Mr.
Who played with the application pattern to pattern my word with eimhayi or d code
I'll do it
Oh
on
U
When you actually play a variety of 16p light stroke
If you mix and play together, it will be a better performance.
I will finish the blessing explanation above.
Ah